Zettalogix v0.3 begins in a visibly bounded synthetic workspace. Fictional local state is separated from external migration, identity, and provider services.
Cross-workspace search resolves jobs, connections, and help topics from the current in-memory dataset.
The migration ledger shows running and completed synthetic work without claiming a connected worker.
The four-step blueprint covers discovery, source, destination, and review while preserving the external-backend boundary.
A legal-records draft is created in local state with inspectable source, destination, and metadata fields.
Starting the draft adds deterministic progress and event evidence without a network request.
Pausing the job records another local operator event. Reset restores the repeatable baseline.
Readiness is derived only from connection health, mapping fields, failure count, and event history. It is not predictive AI.
The connection inventory uses fictional values and does not load provider SDKs in demo mode.
A synthetic connection check updates local state and produces visible confirmation.
Concurrency, retries, notifications, and telemetry are browser-only planning defaults here.
The help center documents setup, errors, official resources, and external ownership boundaries.
The full synthetic workflow is complete. Production migrations and the external backend remain outside the verified claim.